Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Oh…
Let us begin.
Body.
Bones.
Blood.
Testosterone.
Hair.
Leg meat.
Stinky smoke.
I stole this from a church
Nicky. get up.
You're gonna be late
for your first day at Bridgeton High.
My leg meat.
Holy shit.
It… it finally happened.
-I grew!
-Surprise!
-Merry puberty. Nick!
-Huh?
Ugh!
Oh. Rick. are these pubes?
Yeah. man.
You gotta spend pubes to make pubes. baby.
Check your pants. Pubee Herman.
Wait. I have… a bush?
Woo-woo! Damn right. you do.
Shit's lush as hell down here.
-Craig!
-Look like Belize.
-Oh. you're back!
-And he brought all his friends.
Jack!
-What's up. man?
-Hey. bro. check out your dick.
Oh. hey. it's… slightly bigger!
And kind of purple now?
-Oh yeah!
-Okay. cool.
Oh my God. Elliot.
They redrew our little cartoon boy
into a strapping cartoon man.
Oh. look at him. making animation history.
Purple-dick boy!
Hope purple's normal! Big mouth. big dick!
Oh!
I'm going through changes
Oh. in my life
Oh!
Ooh. ooh
Oh. Nick's coming back to school
And I wanna look so cool
'Cause my special boy deserves it
Wow! A comb. Who's getting inaugurated?
Gotta look fresh
for Nicky's first day back at school.
-My special boy deserves it.
-Yeah. I heard your weird song.
Uh…
Andrew. what is this?
Oh. that's normal.
The average human sheds.
I think. eight million hairs an hour.
Oh. I'm certain that's not right.
and I hesitate to say this out loud.
but is it possible you're… going bald?
Maury. you make me laugh.
No. no. I'm only 14.
Yeah. but your dad is bald.
and his dad was bald.
-And his dad was bald.
-Ya. ya. ya.
It's only genetic
on your mother's father's side.
-Well. did your mother's father have hair?
-No. no. he was bald.
-Oh. Andrew. don't you see? It's over.
-Ah.
Oh. I thought we had more time!
-Maury. calm down.
-The boy is ruined!
I am not going bald.
Oh. you're gonna be so awful and so ugly.
I am still a child.
-God wouldn't be that cruel.
-Have you read the Old Testament?
-No?
-God's a fuckin' psycho!
Oh. I hesitate
to say this out loud. Jessi.
because of everything
that has ever happened to you.
but your life is perfect right now!
I know.
-Hey.
-Dude. stop frenching your girlfriend.
-We have homeroom.
-Um. did she just call me your girlfriend?
Yeah. Weird. huh?
Wait. Good weird or bad weird?
Good weird or. like. bad weird?
-Good weird. I… I think.
-He thinks?
What do you mean you think?
I… I… I think it's good. It's good weird.
Too late! He hesitated.
That means he is repulsed by you.
Oh God. What should I do?
Be mean so you don't cry.
Um. when we were spending
all of our time together.
drawing on each other's hands
and. like. making out with our mouths.
was that also good weird?
Uhh… what's going on?
-What is going on. Camden?
-Okay?
-That's what I'd like to know.
-Um…
You're. like. freaking me out right now.
and I gotta protect my joy.
Ugh! "Protect your joy"?
From who?
Your maybe. duh-uh. sorta. uh. girlfriend?
Okay. dude. you are overreacting.
Did he just say what I think he said?
He did indeed.
Don't you dare tell me I'm overreacting
when you're the one being the asshole!
-How am I being an asshole?
-You know what you did.
I really don't.
What the actual hell. Connie?
He is fuckin' up
your aforementioned perfect life.
-Yeah!
-Ow!
Fuckin' Camden!
Nothing like a good morning pee.
And don't forget. Missy.
every time you pee.
I get five dollars off at Marshalls.
I'm peeing as much as I can. Mona.
Oh my God. Could you even
with Ashley's BO this morning?
She smelled like literal ass.
Yeah. like an onion after Shrek
shit her out of his dirty ogre hole.
Lola.
It should be illegal
not to wear deodorant.
Ugh. 100%.
Mona. I don't wear deodorant.
My parents won't let me.
They say the chemicals can kill you.
In summation.
I would literally rather die…
…than smell bad.
-Mona. do I smell bad?
-Crack open that pit.
-Um…
-Oh God! Does my B have O?
-You're just a little funky. darling.
-No.
Like a… child's foot.
I can't be the kid who smells bad
and doesn't know it
and everyone else makes fun of her
behind her back.
You're right. Kids can be so cruel.
When I was in prep school.
I stabbed a girl in the arse
with a bread knife.
What? Why?
Because I was cruel. Missy.
I'm a real bitch.
Oh. Rick. my boy.
I cannot wait for everyone
to see how jacked and tall I am.
You are the sexiest boy
that has ever been.
Hey. 'Sup?
He's bigger.
Holy shit. Nick?
-What are you. like 5'6"?
-Yeah. that's right.
Huh! You're the size of a fence.
Yes. before you were a puny appetizer.
But now you are the main course.
What the fuck?
-Maury. Nick is taller than me.
-Wait. wait. wait.
If they redrew Nick tall.
they could redraw you bald.
No. No. they… they wouldn't do that.
Why not? There are no rules anymore.
Up is down. Nick is tall.
Chalamet is Wonka.
Oh God. You're right.
They're gonna redraw me as some bald fuck.
-Maury. you gotta help me. Please.
-No! Get up. get up. get up!
I can't be a bald boy.
From this angle. I'm telling you.
Andrew. you can really see the thinning.
-New body.
-Oh. bro!
What do you think. Jessi?
He looks weird. right?
Who cares about Nick
and his stupid long body?
Uh… us? We're judgmental cunts.
-I'm not a cunt. You're the cunt.
-Okay.
-Wow.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. Who's the new kid?
-Ms. Dunn. this is Nick.
-Hey.
He used to be short.
and now he's a few inches taller.
Oh. okay. Well. mazel.
Your friend here has probably just started
the third stage of puberty.
Seriously?
After seven years of middle school.
you've never talked about
the Five Tanner Stages of Puberty?
Do you schnooks even know
why you go through puberty?
So we get stinky and embarrassed?
So we can get all tall and purple dicked?
The textbook just says
"because Jesus loves us"?
You know what? I was gonna teach
this state-mandated bull-doody today.
but instead.
we're gonna take a little field trip
inside the teenage body.
And how. eat. pray. tell. do we do that?
We're taking a duck boat. Quack. quack.
-Whoa!
-Magic?
That's me. I'm the duck boat.
You see? Okay. hop on.
Oh. so this is like
a Magic School Bus kinda thing.
No. it's a magic duck boat kinda thing.
Just get the fuck on.
-Well. all right then.
-All right. kids.
Meet Monique. our ethnically ambiguous.
genetic female anatomy figure.
-May we enter you. Monique?
-Consent enthusiastically granted.
Whoa-ho!
Field trip inside a chick's body!
-Bloodstream.
-Wow!
Okay. guys. before we answer
why we go through puberty.
we first gotta ask.
where the heck does puberty begin?
The butt!
-Right. guys?
-Ms. Dunn. it's the brain!
-Winner. winner. duck-boat dinner.
-No.
I mean. the brain is right in front of us.
and we're about to crash!
Hey. relax.
I'm shrinking.
Welcome to the teenage brain.
Still under construction.
but you can see the potential.
Andrew. this is perfect.
We're inside the body.
Maybe we can get some answers
about your. you know. very bald head.
Answers? From who?
Like a follicle fairy or something?
"Follicle fairy"?
The fuck is a follicle fairy?
This is science. Andrew.
Now let's listen
to the magic duck boat lady.
Quack. quack. Woman. I'm a woman again.
All right. Now. everyone. be careful.
The body is a very dangerous place.
Aw. come on.
but those white blood cells look cute.
Our job is to defend the body
against infection and foreign invaders.
Like him.
They just absorbed a kid. Jessi.
They just absorbed a goddamn kid.
Yeah. Connie.
we've all got problems. okay?
And no wandering off. These neurons will--
Yep. Zap the shit out of you.
Guys. my asshole is hot now.
So these kabooms. these neurons.
they're new thoughts being born
every half a second.
Let's listen in like a bunch of creeps.
Food is awesome. Why does my mom hate me?
Am I ugly or. like. weirdly beautiful?
If Danny doesn't ask me to the dance.
I will blow up the mall.
Yikes. Why is Monique such a mess?
-Because she's a teenager.
-Right.
You see. your brains.
they develop the emotional parts first.
and then the logic parts.
Well. that explains Camden.
Stupid underdeveloped boy brain.
But what about your stupid girl brain
that keeps choosing the stupid boys
in the first place?
-Oh shit. You're right.
-Ha-ha! Gotcha. Jessi.
-Nick. Jay. Michelangelo.
-Mm-hmm.
-Don't forget Sean Penn.
-Uh. I… Yeah. I never dated Sean Penn.
Well. just slept with him then. right?
-No! No Sean Penn.
-Sean Paul?
As new thoughts create pathways.
they form habits and emotional patterns.
causing the decisions you make now
to affect the decisions you make
for the rest of your life.
So does that mean
if I stay with Camden now.
I'm doomed to be with shitty guys forever?
Not forever. just till you die.
Oh shit.I think I have to
end things with Camden.
Oh. really? Come on.
His arms hold you nice and tight.
even though he's so bony.
I know. but I have to save myself
from my shitty half-baked brain.
Um. Jessi. can I ask you something?
-What?
-Uh. do I. uh… stink?
Yeah. you stink. I stink. We all stink.
Our brains are broken. men suck.
and I've gotta dump the cutest guy
that's ever liked me.
Whoa-ho. haha.
You really need to stop being friends
with white women. darling.
All right. all right.
Class. I wanna introduce you
to the hardest working glands
in the puberty biz.
the hypothalamus and the pituitary.
All right. order up.
This body's maturing here. Give me a PLT.
That's pubies. lettuce. and tomato.
Coming right up.
-Yuck.
-Um. excuse me. Miss Teacher.
Is the food their babies or their shit?
Well. actually. the "food" is the hormones
that make you kids grow.
So I guess I should thank you guys
for my big boy body.
Don't forget about your purple dick.
Yeah. I wouldn't go
thanking us just yet. pal.
Hey. pituitary. order up.
One large zit. extra cream.
Gonna aim it right at his forehead.
Ouch!
Yeah. when I first hit puberty.
I was more pus than man.
Now it's about 50-50.
Well. Nick. your fat. creamy zit
provides the perfect segue
to our next stop.
The top of the kidneys!
Oh God. What is that smell?
-It's not me. I smell like nothing.
-That's the smell of adolescence.
It smells like someone
diarrhea-ed hot dog water
into the piss trough at Citi Field.
Welcome to the adrenals.
We make your sweat and sebum.
The oils on your skin.
Oh. so you're why I spend every night
wiping grease from my face
like a sad clown in a Fellini movie.
And what about this zit?
Is that you guys too?
Oh. we make the stuff that's in the zit.
Oh God!
If you love what you do.
you never work a day in your life.
Does that mean you also make BO?
Body odor actually comes from
bacteria on your skin.
Oh.
It eats your sweat and expels it as a gas.
What?
Exsqueeze me.
Ew!
So you're saying
we're covered in bacteria farts?
-Yeah.
-Big time.
It's even worse than I thought. Mona.
I'm covered in trillions
of little gassy buttholes. What do I do?
Die. skin farts! Die!
I know I said no more white girls.
but maybe the violent one could help?
Who? Lola?
What's that awful smell?
Hey. knock it off.
These gloopy freaks are trying to work.
Okay. we're going to the ovaries.
Ho-ho! That's in her privates!
Hey. Lola.
Can you help me
with a little situation I got brewing
under. uh. ye olde hot wings?
Okay. sniffing.
Okay. disgusting.
You smell like a human being.
but you wanna smell like a girl. right?
-I think so.
-Well. you came to the right place. doll.
-I myself had a powerful reek.
-Oh. really?
That's before my mom made my dentist
Botox my sweat glands.
-Oh.
-Dear God.
To the armpit!
-Okay. kids. we're in one of the ovaries.
-Wow.
-Pretty cool. huh?
-Oh!
-The ovaries. Jessi.
-Ugh.
Even heartbreak feels good
in a place like this.
When is this field trip gonna be over?
I need to go dump my not-boyfriend.
Ladies and gentlemen. the Ovary Ballroom.
in a co-production
with Harrah's Casino Resort Entertainment.
proudly presents Estrogen Live.
Estrogen!
Let's get up to the front. Jessi.
I wanna show her my titties.
That's right. It's me. Estrogen.
the hormone that makes it all happen.
Ha-ha! I love you. Estie!
What am I watching?
It's a molecule concert. Jessi.
Shut the fuck up.
You start out
Feeling chipper and chill
You got energy and concentration
-You feel my levels start to build…
-Whoo! Yeah!
-Woo-hoo! Yes! Whoo!
-Working up to sweet ovulation
-Then the ovary drops that egg
-Drops that egg
And lights a fire between your legs…
Sends a shot through your veins
That explodes in your brain
Now you're a sex-crazed dynamo
It's the cycle of my life
Bringing a shitstorm of emotions
You better strap in. girl
For the wild and raucous ride
-Strap in for the month-long ride
-Ooh. yeah
You'll go from demon to angel
From fire to ice
From frightened to fearless
Naughty to nice
I'll be your worst enemy
And then your best friend
Then comes the darkness
The egg remains. but the party's over
You're a weepy. crabby mess
-In a world of gray
-There's nothing you can do
-Ah
-Then suddenly salvation
-The menstrual liberation
-Ah
To purge the egg
And chase the gloom away
'Cause that's the cycle of my life
Estrogen!
Look at my tits!
Ooh! She looked at 'em. Jessi! Oh my God!
Oh my God.
That part where you're a weepy.
crabby mess and all the world is gray?
-That really spoke to me.
-Are you okay?
No! Nothing's okay.
Jessi. and don't get mad.
but when was your last menses?
Um. I don't know.
Maybe about exactly 28 days ago.
Right.
So do you think you might be going through
your own luteal phase right now?
-Oh God.
-Eh?
-You mean like PMS?
-Hey. you said it. not me.
So maybe that's why
I've been so moody all day?
And maybe Camden wasn't bein' an asshole?
-And maybe I was…
-Overreacting.
Fuck.
I'm gonna be honest. Jessi.
I don't even remember
what we were mad at him for.
So. class. back to the question
I started this whole field trip with.
Why the heck do we go through puberty
in the first place?
Oh. oh. oh. oh! I know. So we can fuck.
-That's kinda right. kid. yeah.
-Yes!
Evolutionarily speaking.
humans go through puberty
so we have the ability to reproduce.
Seems not worth it. but okay.
Ah! And here comes an egg right now.
And if you were listening to the song.
the ovulation phase means Monique's
about to get all hot and bothered.
-Hey.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Harrah's proudly presents
Sexual Intercourse:
The Immersive Experience.
Uh. maybe don't tell your parents
about this part.
Ooh. Andrew. this is our chance
to get some answers
about your awful and ugly bald head.
-What do you mean?
-We gotta go to the balls. man.
Okay. okay.
-That's where your testosterone is made.
-How do we get to the balls?
Well. Google Maps is saying
when the two diagrams have sex.
we can sneak in through Danny's pee hole.
-Yes. yes. Nick. you wanna get outta here?
-Yes. please.
I have no interest in women's health.
Great. We're going through
some guy's pee hole.
-And then we're gonna go into his balls.
-Fuckin' fine.
Do you wanna go all the way?
Yeah. definitely. Mm!
So the objective is to smell like
a strip club that sells desserts.
Like. you know. a slutty crème brûlée.
So. wait. do I want people
to smell me or… or eat me?
Ideally both. darling.
Okay. Lola. make me smell
like a panna cotta jezebel.
Okay. step one. military-grade deodorant.
I had to buy this on pesticide.com.
Um… is it supposed to sizzle like that?
Next. body oil. body butter. body gravy.
and a teensy-weensy bit of formaldehyde.
Formaldehyde?
-Yeah.
-Ah!
And finally. the parfum.
This one's called
"Sex Crime" by Victoria's Secret.
-Spraying. shoving.
-Oh!
Stench-over complete.
Wow.
I smell like
everything everywhere all at once.
Heads up. Missy.
I think this little booger
wants to. like. get your phone number.
Ooh. You smell foreign.
It's "Sex Crime" by Victoria's Secret.
From their "Me Too" collection.
Foreign bodies must be destroyed!
What?
Run. Missy!
If you die inside an anatomy chart.
you die in real life!
This is why humans go through puberty.
This is what
we were put on this planet to do.
Oh. this is insane!
Kinda makes
the going-bald-at-14 thing seem normal.
It's not.
Rick. I can't believe
we're about to jump into a urethra.
First time?
Wee!
Goddamn! This boy's really rocking
her uterine wall.
-We have to get out of here.
-Why?
You don't have to dump Camden anymore.
It was just your stupid insides
making you act all goofy.
Yeah. but Camden doesn't know that.
-And you were a real bitch.
-Right?
Oh shit! He's gonna dump you. Jessi.
Oh my God. Why are we turning upside down?
Hey! What's going on in here?
What… what are you doing? Is this real?
Are you guys making puppies?
So is this. like. the balls?
This is. uh. pretty gross.
Hey! The fuck are you stunads doing here?
I'm about to blow a load.
-Sort of a crass way of greeting us.
-Andrew. show some respect.
This is Testosterone.
the hormone responsible
for Barstool Sports.
Wow.
Signore Terone. on this day.
the day of my child's field trip.
I ask you. is it possible
for a 14-year-old boy to go bald?
Let's see that noggin.
Oh yeah. look at that.
-What? Look at what?
-And you're only 19?
-I'm 14.
-Holy shit!
Well. then. yeah. it's possible
for a 14-year-old to go bald.
But I'm still going through puberty.
Eh… but from the looks of you.
you're just about done.
Fuck. I'm gonna be a bald teenager.
Mr. Terone. can we talk about my puberty?
I had this awesome growth spurt.
but why do I also
have to have all these zits?
Oh. princess. buckle up.
Puberty is war on a cellular level.
-You'll stink somethin' rotten.
-Ooh.
Hair growing outta places
you didn't know you had.
-Don't forget about unwanted boners.
-What?
A puberty classic.
-But I don't want unwanted boners.
-Well. too bad. mon frère.
Bada bing. bada boing. You got one now.
-What? Oh my God. no!
-And you're gonna get aggro as shit.
Oh man.
You're gonna look at your mother's face
and think of a hundred ways
to break her heart for fun.
-Jesus.
-But. hey. you'll be a man.
And that's what you wanted. right?
-I guess? Wha… Whoa. whoa.
-Hey-oh! Stand back. everybody.
My boy's about to make his Caesar
right at the table. Ha-ha!
I'm… gonna…
-Oh yeah!
-…cum!
All right. guys. new deal.
We gotta get outta here.
Okay. woman. woman.
Quack! I'm a duck again.
Don't be scared.
We just wanna dissolve your bones!
If this is the end. I just wanna say
it was an honor de-stenching you. Missy.
Don't you talk like that.
I'm not gonna let us die in an armpit.
Oh. quick. through those hair follicles!
Oh fuck. I'm stuck.
Lola!
No!
Ay-yay-yah! Ahooga!
Get ready. boys.
We're about to take the ride of our lives.
Hold on to me. you tall bastard.
You hold me.
you beautiful. bald son of a bitch.
I'm not bald! I'm balding!
Oh. I'm gonna pull out!
Penis ahoy!
Ow.
Oh. look. Andrew.
-The cum is confetti.
-Uh…
-That's not so bad.
-I don't know. It tastes like cum.
-Eight. nine. ten. eleven… Uh-oh.
-Oh. help!
-Help us!
-We're stuck in a zit!
Ladies. I did tell you not to wander off.
What do you think. gang?
Should we let them die?
Good luck with your little show
without me.
-She's kinda right.
-Fine.
Whoa!
-Thank you.
-I fully left my bag in there.
So. class. what did we learn today?
That puberty happens in five stages.
and the brain develops emotionally first.
And glands make hormones.
and hormones make us.
-You're right!
-Guys. science fucks!
Whoo!
Uber for Missy?
-Oh Lord! What is that odor?
-Missy. you smell like misogyny.
Actually. I smell like
a sex-positive crème brûlée.
A what?
You're supposed to smell
like a natural human being.
In a perfect world. sure.
but this is the ninth grade.
and I cannot be known as the stinky girl.
Missy. body odor is perfectly normal.
-Do you even know what BO is?
-Well…
It's bacteria on your skin
eating your sweat and farting it back out.
Fuck. that's disgusting.
That's why we need to go
to Victoria's Secret
and get me a huge bottle
of Sex Crime perfume.
No. we'll go to Lentils 'N More
and get you a lentil-based deodorant.
CVS. Aluminum based.
Whole Foods. Non-GMO. organic.
-Deal.
-Hey.
So… I'm sorry.
-I may have overreacted a wee bit.
-Oh.
And maybe. just maybe.
I might have been. like. a little… PMSing.
Uh. well. I'm also sorry.
I did get kinda weird
when the girlfriend thing came up
because… I really like you.
Me too. So does this mean
you're not gonna dump me?
Does it mean you're not gonna dump me?
What? No. Of course not.
My God. I never even considered that.
Aww. That's a cute lie.
So should we make it official?
Do you wanna be my girlfriend?
I do.
Unless it's too weird?
-It's good weird. The best weird.
-Aw!
Kiss him. Jessi.
like they do in the movies.
You know what. Connie?
I guess my life is kinda perfect.
Until next month anyway.
Okay. so this
is the prescription face wash I use.
"It stings. but it's worth it"?
You massage it in.
like you're giving a squirrel a back rub.
-Hm.
-Soft. Soft.
-And you do this every day?
-Twice a day.
I can't believe.
all this time. I envied you.
You envied me.
the sad. sweaty jizz machine?
Yeah. but you were so big.
and you. you know. had a man penis.
-Suddenly. you didn't need toys.
-Well. my penis was my toy.
Right. right. right. Now I understand.
Well. buckle up. my buddy.
'cause this puberty thing is a wild ride.
Ah…
-The student has become the duck boat.
-Nick is on the journey.
But. Maury. if puberty is ending for me.
what does that mean for us?
Oh. us.
Well. let's not worry about that
quite yet.
Let's just focus on
finding you a good toupee.
I think they're called hair systems now.
Oh. do you still have
that Austin Powers wig from Halloween?
I think I do.
Groovy. baby. Groovy.
If you need a friend
Don't look to a stranger
You know. in the end
I'll always be there
And when you're in doubt
And when you're in danger
Take a look all around
And I'll be there
I'm sorry. but I'm just thinking
Of the right words to say
I promise you
I know they don't sound
The way I planned them to be
I promise you
But if you wait around a while
I'll make you fall for me
-I promise you
-I promise…
Brutus Pink
Chirp.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-